IBX-297: Allow random sorting in ES (#1371)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/search/sort_clause_reference/random_sort_clause.md

## Limitations

The `Random` Sort Clause is not available in [Repository filtering](../../../api/public_php_api_search.md#repository-filtering).

> In Elastic search engine, you cannot combine the `Random` Sort Clause with any other Sort Clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Elasticsearch engine, you cannot combine the `Random` Sort Clause with any other Sort Clause.
```
